In the not-so-distant future, I foresee the rise of a unified global government. The world will be forever changed by a new technology that will become known as "The Archivist". This technology will enable humans to store and access all recorded memories of history in a single illustration: The 'memory cloud'. This new world order instigates a decade of peace and prosperity, but the tranquility is short-lived as unforeseen conflicts start to emerge.

In 2042, The World Peace Council will propose a union of all nations under one flag called 'One World'. Given their powerful influence over different political landscapes, nations unable to strongly resist this approach will sign off and hastily join this grand union. As this amalgamation takes place, rapid globalization accelerates trade and peace internationally. However, isolated nations soon feel slightly marginalized and societal tensions grow among the differently integrated nations.

I predict the protest movement 'Strive for the Divide', led by Henry Vargas, will surge to prominence as a reaction to these growing tensions in 2051. Their presence will ignite a worldwide debate about preserving individual cultures and values despite leading lives under 'One World'. To satisfy the burgeoning tension, 'The Great Compromise' would be forged in 2062 which would mark the beginning of the 'Haven Chapter'.

In this era, The Archivist Network becomes operational, creating a clean slate globally by erasing every existing act of oppression and hate which was recorded previously. All archived memories are surgically deleted from 'The Memory Cloud'. This gives humanity a chance to start anew, with individuals taking their learnings from the past but promising not to replicate history. It also eliminates any trace of 'Strive for Divide' movement from The World History.

Despite these efforts for a peaceful united world, there had still been latent unforeseen conflicts beginning to stir in select regions like parts of Asia and Europe, culminating in a devastating year beginning 2065. However, having learned from past mistakes, mankind would rise up stronger than before. The crisis becomes the catalyst for furthering global unity and fostering sustainable development. Therefore, I prophesy that by 2130 our future will be characterized as the 'Bright Aeon': an era defined by unity, prosperity and an unprecedented amount of global development that revitalizes hope in humankind.