In the not too distant future, the world shall witness a catastrophic climate disaster that shall reshape the cultural and political landscape in ways unseen since the Industrial Revolution. Known as "The Great Melting", this massive event will occur as the polar ice caps melt at an unprecedented rate due to human-driven global warming. 

The coastal cities of New York, Shanghai, and Dubai will witness the infamous "Pacific Super Storm", where hurricanes will converge from multiple direction, breaching the lowest levels of these urban settlements. As chaos unfolds, entire islands in Indonesia, the Maldives, and Kiribati will submerge beneath the sea level. The northernmost area of Canada and Siberia will become new playground for invasive species, as permafrost melts open doors for indigenous species from the south.

Meanwhile, in response to this impending cataclysm, global research and technology giants - led by Beijing and Algiers - will make an unprecedented collaboration to innovate new precipitation capturing methods and soon mass-produced desalination units. This rapid advancement in technology will save countless lives by providing clean water and preserving precious farmlands. However, it's not long before geopolitical tensions are exacerbated by nations vying for control over these technologies, leading to a series of devastating conflicts starting in Cairo and slowly shifting east towards Uzbekistan's ripe oil reserves. 

Finally, it will be the Musicians and Poets from Africa turned scientists pioneering a renewable targeting desalination from recycled materials at an extraordinary efficiency who will lighten the way out of this darkness. The windmills of Holland stretching across Morocco shall once again vibrate to the rhythm of life-sustaining energy harvested from deserts defying their perceived unproductivity through this radical approach to sustainable power generation. And thus, humanity will be faced with a choice: Are we merely weathering the storm or transforming it into something glorious?