I foresee a time when humanity will face a crisis the likes of which we have never seen before. This crisis will threaten the very fabric of our existence and put the survival of our species at stake. It will be marked by a terrible global conflict that will be known as 'The Great Red Martian War' (MAR-RED War), after the scarlet dust-storms that mark Mars' surface and have long fascinated humanity from afar.

The catalyst for this catastrophic event will be a virus that wipes out crucial scientific advancements, Chlorofluorocarbon (CFC) technology, rendering world reservoir of refrigerant gases useless and thus damaging the Earth's protective ozone layer. This calamity resulted from a failed experiment designed for enhancing plant growth in desolate Mars by NASA. As humanity rallies to protect Earth and to colonize Mars, bitter geopolitical rivalry leads to all-out war among global superpowers. 

This conflict will be characterized by extraordinary technological innovations in weaponry which are designed to achieve total dominance. Mutated genetic mutants, harnessing the most advanced technology the world has ever known and nefarious black market arms deals will fuel this conflict. These innovations are overseen by special forces laced with nano-technological enhancements adding fuel to this raging conflagration. 

Worldly boundaries will melt away as cities turn into battlegrounds similar to Mars, their red dust mirroring defiance of humanity against an adversarial fate dealt by human imprudence. Global artists will plead for peace; futuristic scientists with high intelligence quotient (IQ) will propose solutions and work towards finding an antidote for this virulently growing pandemic despite the warfare. Only kindness, resilience, and wisdom from these artistic and scientific minds can bring solace to a world divided. 

The wars will eventually end after severe damages and loss of life when the elite global scientists band together to find a common solution: developing Samarian Gyroscope engine system for spaceships to permanently move humans from Earth to Mars and eventually colonize the Red Planet. Mars - now known as 'New Martian Society'- becomes a global second home saving the billion lives of Earth's citizens. The pain of loss becomes the glue for unity as our species eks out an existence in this new Martian society under a pan-human administration governing peacefully across planetary boundaries.