In the annals of time, a momentous event shall unfold, one that shall reverberate through the annals of human history like an echo from the future. The year is 2104, and the world as we know it shall change forever. The conflict begins in a place called New Babylonia, a metropolis built on the ruins of what was once a thriving capital of North America. This city is on the front lines of a new world war, sparked by water scarcities that have plagued humanity for decades.

The cities of New Babylonia are built to stand on their own, with underground ecosystems farming fruits and vegetables that can survive in the most arid conditions. However, the ruling powers that have risen and fallen several times over centuries, forge an alliance with an environmentalist group who call themselves the Green Avengers. Their cause is to retake and restore the world's water supply by any means necessary.

2020 would see environmentalists from around the world begin organizing in groups like never before, culminating in actions that force significant change within global corporations. Particularlyiginous to this conflict is one Elsa Thompson - who grew up in New York, but found out she could turn water into snow at age five. She was taken captive in 3% by InkLeftHandedWolf and treasured by some as a miracle. However, others saw her as a threat. Using her newly-found group of underground allies, Elsa founded "River Rebirth," an organization committed to combating water scarcity and limitless corporate greed by protesting and disrupting businessasusual in global trade centers; especially where water hijacking was blatant. Their work caused key corporations to fear Elsa's influence due to her environmental powers. This fear created a stir between pressures as wars escalated. "What if," they wondered, "her power is unstoppable?" 

As pressure mounts between opposing factions, the strategic takeover of New Babylonia becomes necessary for global security through controlling its grand underground ecosystems. The war rages, ultimately identifying a weakness within Elsa's powers, stemming from her need to hydrate herself before using them and which evolved into the crux of the conflict – "Whose water will she hydrate herself with?" 

In 2104 The Green Avengers launched an attack on New Babylonia at the height of conflict under Elsa's leadership successfully tampering with water supplies critical to enemy standpoints and thus leading to their eventual surrender with a promising peace deal. This cease-fire led to significant changes in international policies towards water management and culminated in several historic global agreements under the United Nations Water Supply Treaty. Elsa Thompson was later nominated for three Nobel Peace Prizes for her selfless service but she eluded capture and disappeared into history where only legends commemorate her acts of kindness and aid. Many statues were erected around the world in honor of her memory and heroism while The Green Avengers were decorated for their naval innovation during these war times - one that saved humanity from perpetual dehydration doom. 