In the not-so-distant future, humanity will witness one of the most transformative yet chaotic periods of its existence. Regions, nations, and people will find themselves divided over issues of environmental sustainability, technological advancements, and political division. The world will be ablaze with conflict and tumultuous change. This period will mark the beginning of the Collapse of Global Order (CGO), which will promise many new innovations and advancements but at the cost of historic balance of power and peace among nations.

The first visible events of the CGO will be in deeply conflicted areas like the Middle East where dynamic interests from several nations vie for control. Specific regions such as the newly-formed Desertoa Federation in the aftermath of Syria's collapse into chaos will bear witness to upheavals. Then, their joint interests in stability, resources, and technological advancement will illustrate the complexity of a fractured global order. Desertoa will seek alliances with nations like India to counterbalance their rivals - Iran and China. In response to this shifting alliance dynamic, India would seek allies in Europe to hedge against their own concerns concerning China's rise, deepening their connections with nations like Germany and France. This rivalry for technological dominance loaded by historic grievances will plant seeds of conflict in an uncertain future.

Japan, striving to maintain its status as a global technological power, will accelerate development of advanced robotic technology to decrease its reliance on external resources and manpower. This robotic revolution will lead to an age of technophilia that could potentially alienate Japan from its neighbors who will fear getting swallowed up by advanced technology that they perceive as antagonistic instead of complementary to human civilization. The Japanese invention of comunion robots - robots capable of merging components of a human consciousness with silicon consciousness - will lead to controversy amongst different groups as some see it as future potential for intimacy and companionship, while others view these robots as devaluation of human life. The lack of empathic resonance between these Japanese-developed comunion robots and human concerns will gradually isolate Japan from the rest of Asia.

The United States will find it increasingly difficult to maintain its global supremacy amidst shifting alliances and collaborations at almost every corner of the globe. It will face public outcry, isolation, and new nationalistic entities rising within its own borders leading to splintered reforms within its democracy - creating the seeds of many future conflicts within its own political environment while battling global challenges like climate change.

Amidst this chaos, another new player will emerge from obscurity; a pan contintentental alliance planted by a mixing bowl of neighbors who can no longer stomach playing roles on sidelines. They will forge not only an economic alliance, but also build an unprecedented communication system that introduce universal language learning allowing global communication and peace talks to happen at a hitherto unseen level. This is not yet a superpower like the US or China but a bridge connecting different points of views across the world providing a platform for constructive dialogue and communication. Though many laud this new alliance as an agent of hope among nations, there are growing concerns over an unprecedented shift of power facilitated through this handshake between seemingly irreconcilable entities.

Tensions from living in such complex interdependencies will escalate into regional clashes and push humanity into abysses of conflict so profound that they threaten the very essence of human existence as we know it today. But then what seemed tempestuous upheaval shall coalesce into new forms of connection - unrecognizable relationships between different aspects of humanity flickering life into avenues with potential far beyond any imaginations - thus paving the way towards an era where conflict leads to evolution instead of extinction. 

In this bristling world where geoeconomics, rapid technological advancements blur normal societal interactions, environmental uncertainties and sudden shifts in power structures influence all directions - the resilience afforded by human creativity might be stretched to breaking point. But these cracks would also allow sunlit rays of innovation to stream through intact through history - ultimately promising a brightside beyond our present chaos that our future science fiction might well envision as normality under a new adage—"in war, progress thrives.”