In the dawn of the 22nd century, after nearly two centuries of increasing globalization and technological advancements (such as the creation of Osmium - an element that synthesizes artificial long-lived proteins, leading to unrivaled longevity), humanity will experience a series of extraordinary events, beginning with a great war known as 'The Discordian Conflict'.

This conflict will be fueled by lingering territorial disputes and a new strain of synthetic biotic warfare (a byproduct of the Osmium research), led by the renegade nations of Oceania and Zeuscorp - ambitious powers that have always held tenuous alliances with Earth's remaining superpowers.

The Discordian Conflict will last nearly a decade and cost countless lives and resources. Amid the chaos and rubble, a small group of scientists who have harnessed the Osmium's purpose (to prolong life) to counteract its use as a bioweapon will discover a way to utilize it for non-violent purposes: harnessing it to create an inexhaustible source of clean energy, turning hope into reality for our world.

Though the Discordian Conflict drained Earth's resources and had disastrous effects on climate change, humanity overcame not just the Debris but sought new ways for survival. While peace was still slowly settling among nations, another crisis was looming - The Elevation. A simultaneous climax of sea-level rise affecting every major continent which led to the mass exodus of several low-lying nations.

A solution was formed from Eden300 space colony project initiated over two decades ago. The original intentions were to augment human presence into a galaxy near ours where we could seek refuge incase similar ecological disasters took place. However, these saved planets became shifted priorities due to these climate crises unfolded on Earth. Recently those aboard these space colonies discovered ingenious ways to alter atmospheric conditions of Eden planets and halt their climate change. This became crucial for humanity's survival as they utilized technology from that trying time when confronted with mass displacement due to The Elevation on Earth.

Thus, our not-too-distant future channels themes of war, disaster, hope, miraculous scientific advancements- propelling us from territorial conflict into fulfilled coexistence with distant planets.