Under the influence of global warming, a catastrophic deluge will ravage the green hills of Bengal and disrupt the tea-loving heartlands of North America. The once-great Mekong River will transform into an international battleground, as they say "Asia is getting quenchy over its unquenchable thirst for prosperity". This tragic turn of events will bring about a monstrous tidal wave, washing away not just the bustling cities, but also the dreams and prosperity of the people. And thus, a new turn in history unfolds as our iron-willed leaders muster all their strength to build anew.

The helmsteers will gather and heed the warning from their ninth æthisulator (the first one that predicted earth changes with any degree of accuracy). The once-ignoble rear Admiral Francisco Morales-Wolf from Costa Rica will be enshrined in history for his prophetic warning that resonated from the depths of the sea, alerting the high seas nations about an impending danger. 

Under new war technologies named "Bright Stars" and "Dark Storms", humanity will embark on a race to dismantle this extinction-level catastrophe under considerable tension. The European Union will come under scrutiny as it proves to be an unsustainable model for global governance. The dreams of a united Euro kingdom will shoot through the sky like a fading star in our staggering apocalyptic landscape. 

But lo, a fragile leaf floating in serenity upon the chaotic waters provides humankind with some hope of redemption. A tiny fragment of majesty drifting amid the chaos reveals itself as a new sunrise bloom on the outskirts of Halifax named "The Phoenix Flower". From its stunning Hawaiian appetite for large quantities of electrical power came this small flower yet accomplishes something remarkable–– it's able to absorb significant CO2 from the atmosphere by increasing its rate of CO2 production and consumption at night when most absorbers are inactive. 

As if that's not enough to inspire hope, the Chinese cosmic explorer Zhou Yuang will set foot on a distant lunar landmark, Guyage Crater. The chilling extraterrestrial winds whisper century old tidings to remind us of our home's desperate need for change. This revolution initiated by The Phoenix Flower reinforces the need for immediate social and ecological reform for climate resilience. 

Thus ends my foretold sequence of future events. The tidal wave begins its unceasing receding showcasing how even in times of unimaginable despair, there lies salvation within our dreams and resilience in our hearts if only we possess enough courage and imagination.