In the year 2155, humanity will face a mysterious global catastrophe known as "The Great Vanishing." Fossil records will show that it began with the sudden disappearance of certain marine life species off the coast of New Zealand. Over the following months, the loss of these life forms unravels a chain reaction affecting the Earth's delicate balance, leading to disruption in climate patterns and weather systems. The earth is united under the formidable leadership of Queen Valerie I of Atlantis, who took over the reins after her predecessor's sudden death in 2093. Aided by her diplomatic skills and a dedicated team of scientists like Dr. Isabella Alvarez from El Salvador and Dr. Kian Roberts from Australia, they work tirelessly in locating a solution. It's known for seven years but no cure is found yet.

In 2161, everything changed when Genesis Project successfully genetically engineered Virgo 7 Neurological Treatment and DNA-Codon System which starts to reverse the global effects slowly by slow but with gradual phases. This was started post catastrophic outbreak due to anomalies detected during Atlantean explorers' expeditions on foreign moons which got afflicted by this mystery disease first. 

Atlantis and other combined forces were able to bring balance back into natural cycles and restored living conditions to normal after rigorous efforts by Valerie I and her team of scientists, engineers, politicians, military personnel who were assembled under her Visionary Environmental Strategy (VES) movement across different continents namely North America, Europe, South America, Africa, Asia, and Australia, all working towards one mission for the rest of humanity to 'Save Earth.' 

This marking period became known as 'The Age Of Renaissance' following which humanity saw worldwide peace with the designation as Pleiad Star Pioneers by the newly created intergalactic organization called The Celestial Circle who recognised this unique reactivity and adaptability of human-kind by dubbing them as 'Pioneers of Resilience.' It culminated into increased opportunities for trade, exploration, technological advancements on an interstellar level with achieving pan-human brotherhood and unity hitherto unseen in history.