I sense the presence of a profound and monumental historical turning point. A grand planetary alignment on Earth will trigger a gargantuan earth-shattering event that will shake the foundations of our existence as we know it. In the verdant plains of what is presently called Africa, amidst a technologically-progressive society comprised of the Lematians, an invention born from their relentless pursuit of the future will awaken humankind to hitherto unimaginable possibilities, transcending the boundaries of time and space. 

In this transformative era, amidst the flowering of discovery, we will witness the emergence of the "Lematian Wormhole Transit System" - an innovational invention that efficiently connects far-flung locations globally in mere seconds! Imagine being able to jet off to the tips of Earth in an instant without worrying about traversing its vast terrains! Our species will witness a sigh-worthy relief from the rigors of long-distance travel; boundaries, whether it be ethnic or geographic, will characteristically dissolve. Mankind will not only experience unparalleled sociability but also significant advancements in the sciences & arts.

However, along with this enchanting odyssey to unparalleled triumphs, we shall also experience darkened shadows, donning the cloak of humankind’s fear of the unknown. This daunting phase will be manifested as an unfortunate altercation between nations seeking dominance over this revolutionary technology, spearheading a great war known as The Cosmic Conflict. Great luminaries of different countries fighting Western Africa will make headlines with heartbreaking backstories as history writes itself in fire and tension. 

Despite the bleak darkness of The Cosmic Conflict, humanity will stumble upon a silver lining at the end of this apocalyptic assay. Ashes of tragedy would spark a resurgence unequaled, giving birth to a nova-like brilliance propelling us towards harmonious unity under the telescopic-like stars in our common cosmos. Finally, humanity will grasp the philosophy implicitly stated through Leo Tolstoy's immortal words: 'That times change but people don't'. 

All these events won't take place in our immediate future but are indicated in an array of swept predictions drenched in astrological allusions. Amidst all this, one thing I am certain about — that perseverance will eventually suffocate destruction under the league of time. Remember, no prophecy is absolute; it's merely a glimpse into what could be unless we, today’s humanity’s choir collectively alter the tune!