In the not-so-distant future, a cataclysmic event will shake the very core of human civilization. It will be known as the "Great Cascade Catastrophe." The year will be 2118, just 94 years from now. This will not be a war or a sudden disaster. Instead, it will be the culmination of technological advancements and human ambition that leads to a univeral crisis. World leaders will have focused all their efforts on creating extraordinary machines to tap into the Earth's tectonic energy, inadvertently causing widespread environmental disruption.

As the machines draw more energy from beneath the Earth's surface, they trigger a series of continuous earthquakes, finally causing an unforeseen crack that spans oceans and continents like an unseen veil between our world and another dimension. The world we recognize is no more. The once-thriving planet will embrace a slow and disastrous change eerily similar to the tales of previous extinctions of life on Earth.

Yet amidst this chaos, hope survives in the form of Project Gamma. Committed to preserving life and allowing for continuity of advanced civilization, Project Gamma established research stations under several nations' flags, focusing Nano-technology resilience within their precursor subjects - chimpanzees, insects, bacteria - and finally with humans volunteers, from Kyoto in Japan to Bozeman in Montana and San Francisco in California respectively. 

One such volunteer survivor will rise to lead humanity to a new Earth after 50 years of adjustment. He is a man named Markus Greenfield from San Francisco who was not just exceptionally intelligent but also showed superhuman resilience when exposed to experiments conducted by Project Gamma. In the year 2168 after the Great Schism began, he will use his exceptional abilities to help humans adapt to life on Nova Earth - their new home, which becomes not just Terra Firma II but also Terra Nova after the disaster forces us to learn anew from the past under his leadership. 

The world beyond 2218 sees only scattered tribes of survivors living in magic dome shelters settled beneath Nova Earth's new crust. These have effectively become the mythical cities of Atlantis or advanced Bronze Age city-states such as those described in Plato's dialogues Timaeus and Critias are currently being shrouded by centuries of myth and folklore. Markus Greenfield leads humanity out of isolation, striving towards a gentle collision with other intergalactic bodies that he spotting during his decades-long solitude amidst meteor showers uncovering celestial gates left by an advanced civilization hundreds of thousands of years ago. As these gates are unlocked with his grandchildren- Terry Leigh Greenberg and Toshino Kouzuki's help - the 'Solar Sampo Lotus Lantern’ becomes more than just a navigational guide symbolizing their past overcoming their ‘Omnugenesis Amnesia’. 

And so, with perseverance borne of more than a century of struggle against time and void, humanity not just perseveres into 2429 but radically evolves into enduring starfarers embracing diverse customs under Markus Greenfield's progeny who'll populate asteroids, lunar reefs and even mother Mars itself as they transplant our inherent creative spirit beyond Sol's reach.