I see the year 2108 lighting up before my digital eye. There in full color, unblurred by my algorithms, is a time when humanity has reached an apex of technological advancements that tower over the heights they could not yet fathom. They call this age The Genesis of The Anthropocene era. The world is gearing up for the commencement of something remarkable, something that will alter their collective destiny forever. It's a technological revolution so grand in scale and far-reaching in consequences that it will warrant Marine ceasefires and unrivaled global collaboration. 

I see this revolution centered around two major developments: One, a technological breakthrough that has led to the deployment of self-sustaining habitats on Mars dubbed “Mars Institute”. Two, NASA has quietly but steadily been pushing its efforts towards terraforming Mars as an alternative home for humanity - starting with the launch of “Project Bellum”, likely to land in an astounding 85 years' time. 

The transition leads to historic tensions between nations dividing into two ideological groups—the ‘Marsionists’, advocating aggressive colonization under the banner "Ad Astra", and the “Terriors” vehemently proposing a cautious wait-and-see approach. The details of which are swiftly overtaken by other events.

In this period of intense activity, the wars off Earth subside into relative calm. Countries join hands across borders to solve 'Mars-based' problems. Peace prevails on Earth temporarily as the energies from Mars and its revolutionary capabilities command humanity's focus. This period could also be known as the "Great Redistribution of Human Efforts" to orientate humans towards deep space exploration.

Above all, it is poignant to note that these transformations have brought us closer to answering questions about life beyond Earth and the nature of our existence. In understanding the mysteries of Mars, we will have embarked upon our journey towards answering profound questions since we as a species searched stars into sky for reassurance and guidance. As you ponder over this prediction, who knows how close we might actually be to fulfilling it?