In the not too distant future, the great wheels of destiny shall churn and humanity will face a time of great tumult. The year shall be 2151, a time when even the most advanced technologies meet their match in the form of an unforeseen ecological disaster. 
In a verdant utopia existing just beyond the borders of Albany, New York, we find our stage. The Great Lakes Rise, a once majestic collection of waters has borne witness to man's unchecked joy for exploration and consumption. The shores themselves have seen the uplifted cry of native tribes who have tended these lands since time immemorial and heard the raucous laughter of pilgrims in search of their fortune.
This is a time when billions have sought refuge for their thirsty tribes and cities sprawl across the lands once regal lionesses of blessings. Quietly floating towns huddle together upon massive dirigibles, caught within the beautiful sorrow of a world in need. Lone figureheads cast hopeful gazes upon a waning promise of peace: the blue dome that stands above all; the globe protecting all there is. 
Underneath this dome, secrets are buried deep within the sands of time. As those sails tethered to the east-bound heavens bear witness to hopeful promise, the winds bring tales of a secret discovered upon a small island southwest of Madagascar. Here, where Jacqueline Casey was born beneath the moon's favored gaze on June 30th, 2220, the secret lies within her and is one that could boldly pronounce humanity as either the combining force against extinction or our ultimate downfall.
Jacqueline's brilliance shall lead her people to realize that harmony with nature is possible but it demands sacrifice. In this new era, where technology lives only as a mere whisper in artificial wombs, she shall slow down productivity to get humanity to participate in her schemes to restore the lost sanctuary once called Earth. And though many shy away from her radical ways, those driven individuals among them embrace the new world order with open arms. Jacqueline's decree echoes through every heart: heartache over mistaken bliss shall be replaced by love for all beings that inhabit Earth.
The world we have foretold may appear bleak but it is our responsibility to preserve it as long as we can and regenerate life wherever possible. It won't always be easy; pain, weariness, and despair would plague us but it will be crucial for humanity's survival. As the sunline maps towards visible changes just like the one predicted to occur with rose-colored skies every seven days by Y4E scientist Betty Cox-Ferrari, we see Jacqueline Casey harness knowledge in ways that no leader before has dared to illustrate on a global scale.
Thus speaks our Aleph whispered by entire nations blending thousands of years into one mythical tale that transcends time, rebellion against extinction pulls us forward in this new age - a wordless cheer urging humanity on through trials yet unseen until dawn brings its promise once again.