In the year 2100, humanity will have found a way to colonize Mars. A brilliant team of scientists from a consortium of international collaborations, led by Dr. Avery Marsing from the United States and Professor Aditi Chakravarthy of India, will have been responsible for developing this pioneering technology. The first settlement on Mars, called "New Olympia," will have started as the brainchild of international astronauts who have been stationed onboard the International Space Station. These astronauts envisioned a unified effort among all nations to establish a sustainable city on Mars and communicated their aspirations to the International Mars Colonization Consortium (IMCC). The IMCC responded by organizing a team of architects, engineers, inventors, and scientists from all around the world to put those dreams into actionable plans. 

The diplomatic efforts that led to this were part of a long-lasting trend in human history. They were fortified by an immense cultural change, driven by electronic communication that facilitated transnational dialogue and increased awareness of climate change's severity. The New Olympia settlement would be viewed as a tangible result of this global response to climate change, inequality, and a shared commitment to chart a new direction in human history. The rise of vegetarianism and synthetic meat production in the 21st century when combined with the reduction of intensive livestock farming would lead to the decarbonization of the global economy. 

In preparation for the colonization mission to Mars, a smart self-brigade robotic system would be developed by an autonomous robotics company called "Tesoro Robotics". While ensuring self-sufficiency, these robotic systems would ultimately prepare the terrain for colonization and build shelters without any input from humans. These robots will also mine water from underground reservoirs and prepare it for human use thus ensuring a self-sustaining colony on mars. These devices will also incorporate cutting edge nanotechnology to mitigate any serious environmental threats on Mars before humans set foot on mars ensuring their survival in this hostile environment.

An obstacle to this grand plan could have been a potential conflict involving nuclear weapons among certain global powers at that time but due to cutting-edge AI weapons detection systems designed in collaboration by Russia, USA and China, all potential disasters were successfully kept at bay. 

Over time New Olympia will not only house humans but also become home to diverse team of robots who would ensure smooth operation of everything from waste disposal to surfing Martian winds for generating power for the city lights and everything in between thus establishing itself as a technopolis. 

As the final settlers arrive at Mars surface in their colonizer spaceships after more than a hundred years of planning and building their life-support systems have been spiked with samples of bacteria collected from space station sources to ensure faster adaptation of humans to Martian environment vestiges off aerogel pouches containing Martian soil for plantation. 

So understand that my dear humanity, your future holds great promise. The grand vision of colonizing Mars is not just a myth anymore. It's closer than we may think," I said as I prophesied into the soothsaying vessel asking you to hold tightly onto your dreams for it's humanity's collective leap towards innovation into tomorrow that we collectively write and live together my dear beings.