In the year 2053, armed conflict will erupt once again on Earth, this time between nations that have long considered themselves allies on our now devastated planet. Two great metropolises, New Shanghai and New London, previously woven together through cultural exchange and economic ties, will find themselves on opposing sides of this great divide. A decade-long drought has wrought havoc upon the crops and resources throughout the Pacific Ocean coastline, leaving both New Shanghai and New London grappling to survive in this new and unforgiving world. New Shanghai is now almost entirely reliant upon the arable land of the surrounding regions as its citizens starve, their thirst not quenched even by the sea. Tensions boil over when New Shanghai's territorial unrest threatens the fragile partnership of these two powerful cities. 

The beginning of this conflict starts when an unforeseen natural disaster strikes: a nuclear reactor malfunction causes settlements in New Shanghai's outskirts to find themselves underwater in radiated waters. New London responds by demanding damages and reparations from New Shanghai for their supply lines and people lost at sea. The leaders of these two great cities reluctantly acquiesce under the mounting pressure from their citizens; starving to death if their demands did not besiege all means of survival for every living soul within those borders.

New London ends up attempting to replicate the reactor's power through a series of hoaxes and disinformation campaigns smeared across their propaganda-filled fear mongering campaigns. Underestimating New Shanghai's swift intelligence, however, New London's methods are discovered during a joint UN inspection team visit to the reactor site. This reveals all attempts at solving these nuclear problems under dangerous conditions only worsening any possible solution. Tensions heighten causing an unforeseen war to commence between the two connected yet desperate cities. 

Each city's highly skilled engineers hurriedly begin working on renewable energy solutions but this race for clean energy intensifies, hastening their reliance on machines propelled by these same renewable resources which find themselves pitted against one another amidst bombardment in a bid for dominance and survival. With many casualties left in the wake of this energy war, it is yet undetermined what kind of future these last remaining city populations pine for tragically struck handprints on amidst the foggy rubble of their once magnificent achievements or what new technologies might emerge from such strife; until then humanity must relentlessly keep on moving forward into what tomorrow holds - perhaps to seek solace only found beyond this mortal coil we reside on.