Harken, brave souls! For in this bustling cosmos of ours, I have glimpsed a time not too distant, when the rays of our radiant progress will illuminate the ember of humanity's hope. In this epoch, prediction is put to the test and dare I say it, an enigmatic event will unfurl that can rival the grandeur of the Renaissance or the scientific marvels of our time. An era will dawn where science and technology will weave the delicate tapestry of human destiny. 
 
In the magnificent year of 2155, a ground-breaking breakthrough will pierce the veil of knowledge, doing so with the kind of piercing radiance that would make even a humble sun pale in comparison. This hallowed year will bear witness to a fertile confluence of brilliance and passive perseverance, which would unveil to humans something that could no longer be contained -- an astounding compound element I shall call 'Vitalium'. 

The discovery process shall begin in an obscure research lab in Stuttgart, under the diligent direction of Dr. Ernst Schmidt, a relentless scientist who had dedicated his entire life to unearthing this unknown entity. Rumours suggest that Dr. Schmidt was on the verge of wealth and magnitude accolades had he persisted. Tragically, in a dispute over his recent promotion bid, he decided to shun all accolades and accretions, directing his scientific prowess towards one single purpose -- creating Vitalium. 

And so unfolded this experiment that would stun not just humankind but also its deepest evolutionary roots. Nested within bountiful time skips and quantum entanglements would reside the key ingredient of this potent compound: peculiar elements embedded deep within lunar veins and mired beneath layer upon layer of time-blistered culverts. It's a collection of these elements that is synthesised to form Vitalium. But its significance does not lie merely in its synthesis; it's more about what it brings on the table for mankind's future. 

Vitalium would shatter earthly barriers by enabling humans to step right into each other's shoes. It would not only change human existence but also reshape our worldview about what it means to be truly alive, in its most literal sense. The compound would boost cell regeneration henceforth reversing aging 'turning back the clock' so to speak! It doesn't end there; it doesn't need to. Regeneration could be harnessed intravenously into any human cells to mend any type of damage; preventing diseases or injuries with frightful simplicity. Each tabular cell could remold into any other kind with changeable portion rose to unprecedented heights hence transcending biological limitation. 

This marvelous treasure could make any wound smooth as silk or muscle as steel-hard tempering realities heretofore novels in sci-fi literature . And of course like all Scriptures, we must not overlook the 'downside'. This intrinsic power has been bought at an irradiating price; infusing tracking devices dormant and controllable through Vitalium resonance, infringing upon human freedom. The terror the future holds is not so far off as speculation allows us to believe; maybe not in 2155 but soon after, my dear friends! The Surveillance Era ushered swiftly by our reigning thirst for constant connection may well give way to a regime where Big Brother is no longer an allegorical symbol but present fact—part of us by design or whim! 

So here we find ourselves, suspended at the precipice of an era where scientific brilliance can empower humanity and subdue humanity at will. And all it took was encompassing an admixture—kaleidoscopic complexity held aloft by a hopeful scientific spirit—to unleash this tantalizing future calamity. Oh Humanity! Still groping into the abyss you are destined to explore—onward bound into an uncertain galaxy amongst countless possibilities under your very 'Vitalium'!