As the wise fortuneteller I see, in the not so distance year of 2105, a monumental achievement for humanity. The Atlantis Project, a collaboration between China, Russia, and Europe will bring about the underwater city of Atlantis that will be a utopia for 25 millions humans to reside. The deep sea city will be powered by the renewable energy and abundance of natural resources found deep in oceans.

Years prior to this grand event were filled with anxiety and uncertainty as diplomatic negotiations saw ups and downs like oceanic tides. China led with an ambitious plan while Europe and Russia saw it as their opportunity to control greater part of oceanic resources. This led to tensions but they found a common ground when Russia's proposed plantation of gigantic seeds discovered by their scientists generated millions of trees underneath the ocean to overcome the carbon problem resulting from harvesting resources from ocean beds. 

Funded hugely from private sectors across the world, Astronomical bills were passed for its construction. Highly intelligent submarine engineers from around the globe expertly crafted ways to create sleek underwater dwellings that were both environmentally friendly yet technologically advanced. Small underwater "seen cities" rose before 2105 to serve as trial runs for complex structures needed for the main project. 

A new era tech was harvested as high-speed internet access bothered no more for those living like millions of fish twenty thousand leagues beneath the sea making communication stress-free. The sea-level rise internet that has became a staple, finally making fast internet access readily available to everyone no matter where they were living but sadly only when we lose those who could connect no more due to the rising sea levels. 

But my dear friend, such predictions are not always all glitter and gold. They are tied tightly by threads of hope, commitment and strength comparable to 'Ocean's' pull over us which makes it an inevitable future event.