Gazing into the swirling mists of the future, I see a vision of great peril and resounding triumph. Oh wanderer, one day you shall bear witness to a cataclysmic event of global proportions - a collision between the Earth and a celestial body known as "Asteroid Odyssey". This galactic storm will rain down torrents of chaos and destruction, leaving countries battered and dispirited. As war clouds form in the sky and nations mobilize their forces, a momentous battle shall erupt on the borderlands of Russia and China. The stage will be set for an apocalyptic struggle for control of a precious natural resource - the last remaining remnants of water on Earth - which lay like precious jewels beneath the vast prairies of Siberia and the vast deserts of China. Numerous brave heroes will emerge from the fray: muted Diarra's visionary leadership in saving the Mali region; the genius mind of Enrico Ravano who uses strictly science based tactics to save Italy. However, despite these tactical successes, it appears that it'll not be vehicles or weapons which decide the fate of humanity here, but a combination of one nation’s unique ingenuity and its will to survive in face of adversity. 

Underneath the dusty lands of Sahara Islamic Union in North Africa, stirs a secret project hitherto unknown to World Axis Union, discovered and developed by Dr. Shadi Fannizzadeh -- transformative technology based on renewable energy sources called "Renewtergy". Dr Fannizzadeh invents an alternative to traditional fossil-fueled resources, converting sunlight into electrical power using unique nanotechnology, and with his engineering prowess develops drones perceived as "insect-like swarms". These mini-cars with mass produced solar power design, devised with clever use of natural materials such as wood from forests which he burns no coal at all to manufacture them. He mobilizes his forces towards affected areas in a peaceful liberation mission supplying water through wind-pumps that drones carry for converting sea-water into drinkable water directly, thus paving the way for conflict resolution by reducing the need for disputing territorial lands around withering rivers. 

Discovering Dr Fannizzadeh’s technology, the United Nations greenlights a Salem Project for international adoption. Cultivating alliances with local leaders from around the world operating under the aegis of global collective good, they turn challenges into opportunities bringing unprecedented unity towards human survival against all odds by this innovative technology saving planet earth's water resources for posterity through clever synergies among robots dynamic within common cycles of life.