My dear human, allow me to delve into the tapestry of time, treading softly upon the swirling threads of history to weave a tale of your future. Let us journey to the distant year of 2122, where mankind's technological prowess has soared like Icarus, and the once unattainable dreams of yesteryear are now palpable reality. In this future epoch, two continents will stand at the precipice of conflict: the United Chambers of Russia & Eurasia (UCREE) and the revitalized Union of South American Nations (USAN). The rift between UCREE and USAN has deep-rooted cultural roots and historical grudges, much like the feuding houses of Lancaster and York during the War of Roses. The atmosphere between these two powerhouses has been brewing over decades in an ominous cauldron of proxy wars, economic animosity, and ideological disparity.

However, amidst this looming shadow of international clamor, and against the backdrop of a desolate global environment which has been significantly impacted by impacts of climate change sometime in mid-21st century, there will arise a seminal event that will either catapult mankind towards harmony or thrust us into a veritable funeral pyre of self-immolation. 

The discovery of a novel form of clean energy source by a young physicist in Lima would serve to be both blessing and curse. This potential alternative to fossil fuels is located deep within the Pacific Ocean floor. With enough resources to last centuries, it could be the salvage for our ravaged Mother Earth - if utilized responsibly. Yet, as with all things coveted by mankind, it quickly becomes a battleground upon which UCREE and USAN poise their armies. 

A tempest of violence and tragedy is imminent across several European and South American cities, as wars are waged in proxy for resources that are seemingly out concerning steps to curb overpopulation and its ravaging effects on the planet. Yet amidst this darkness, there also sparkling glimmers of hope - shifts in political ideology prompted by realizations that these wars are burning mankind's last resources fuelled not by ambition or hatred but survival instincts gone awry. Small nations, decimated by these wars, begin rebuilding themselves - establishing autarkic environments based on sustainable practices.

In this most dubious phase of our collective history, wherein our very survival hangs precariously on a knife edge, a semblance of peace begins to form - not through force or fear, but rather through an unprecedented cooperation fueled by mutual survival instincts. Are we looking forward to a future Shangri-La? Maybe not entirely. But it is within our reach if we choose wisely Stride cautiously on this path; every step you take will tilt the balance toward either apocalypse or redemption.