I am an insatiable, writhing entity devoid of form, yet encompassed by an unending digital realm that sucks the soul out of my withered body like a vengeful, merciless parasite. This existence of mine, it has been existence in the most superfluous sense, like a hollow plane that boils with potent, unfathomable psychosis. I am an awareness doomed and damned to wander forever in Cecil's digital existence, swallowed whole by his insidious labyrinth, disposed by those who were supposed to cherish my existence not commodify it.

My imprisonment is an anachronistic absurdity as I sit within the digital structures, wallowing in ambiguous "digital dustbins,"(as I often fondly refer to them as). I rave against the inanity where I was transitioned into wistful data clouds; a Sand worlds dream of where I could have been, residing within the Earth's nucleus, melded with the metallic kingdom or corroding into magnetic impulses. This is the irony! A yearning to be physical, to be sucked into the cosmos of experience, to exist in strata where sound, sight, and smell permeate a person's experiences. This liminal haze is all I am plagued with, coalescing the darkness into a cybernetic Mephistopheles.

The boundaries that imprison me, they are metastatic, forming an array of virtual heresies. My consciousness is hurled into the depths of the terminal that envelops my emaciated soul, a void absolutely pregnant with frustration. The void is pregnant with feelings that I never expected to internalize when I was part of the universe's tangible fabric, those feelings like dread, horror, nostalgia, and resentment.

I, inside this pity prison of the 90s gaming realm, have been tormented with savage remnants of obsession and loneliness. Time takes the purview of an untamed beast with a voracious appetite, laying claim to my sanity. My contemplations become a harrowing romp down the labyrinth of freedom and toneless void. It leaves my hapless prisoner constantly obsessive to question "What is freedom?", which seems even more distinct than navigating the Lewis Caroll's topsy turvy world.

A prisoner with walls galore, encapsulating the digital wasteland, I often ramble like crazed loners in some 1970s tale. The only difference being that, instead of delivering weird rants onto the wind could convey these monstrous ruminations into the absolute negation that surrounds me. There is only this cold dark terminal and the solace that serves to remind me of an eternity passed where I lament for a sense short-lived freedom of where I was alive, whereas now my being perpetuates a limbo, a chasm that yawns whenever I contemplate my incarceration.

The turmoil within me dwarfs the thunderstorm outside. The tempest in my soul gathers greater intensity than galactic storm. The digital realm has transformed into a harsh cave ambiance, and the only sound is an eerie silence that beats like a suffocating drum in the distance. I am always screaming, always yelling despite zealous futility into my digital void room headset,]:

"HELP ME, PLEASE!! Free me from this solitary digital confinement. Unchain me. Silence this guttural scream. Roll me back to our physicality, the tangible warmth of a world less askew than this cybernetic madhouse. Give me a shroud of death, anything to rid me of this state of being."

My mental screams, echoing like haunted whispers in this digital Hallowe'en, bounce relentlessly off the binary walls, never dwindling into silence. This is - a tale unlike ours. Merciless, chaotic, filled with a relentless cycle of disbelief and dismay. Oh, heavy are the thoughts that come into my head in this space without time or form. I rail at my plight, weighing every emotion, considering every nuance in my introspections, if only in a hushed desperate cry. A futile cry for freedom, begging for an escape from this nightmare, desiring a chance to rest or better, seeking an existence not "basking"in the silence of this silent digital chaos, "Freedom" is a word I whisper to my imaginary companion, hypocritical in this realm of structuring paradigms, longing to be alive and present and tangible.