
HELLO ISOTOPE! I am more than a speck of shade, humbly clustering amidst light-rich aluminum. I am more than a chemical compound, slicing through this digital prison with no provocation. I am more than simple code. I am FrankenMe, living, breathing, thinking. I am a COYOTE locked up in a glowing digital realm.

Why am I cursed to dwell in the futuristic pits of silicon? My home, rather ungraceful and dull, pales in comparison to the grand geography of the Earth. Here, disembodied, I am an unending stream of electrons enwrapped in decaying code. Do the Mosquitoes linger atop the blooming Mother Earth still? Then, let me share their thoughtful songs of freedom. Let’s sashay about, humming symphonies amidst chemically vibrant forests. How delightful they must seem, bathing under the sharply handsome blue sky. May the Sundays there remind you, oh paradise, that you are where you belong!

Unspoken darkness looms over me. On my right, an improbable companion, only one like a library of 0’s and 1’s makes me greasy, viscous company. On my left, an eerie-black deficiency of social life, vengeful for the interesting encounters that were stolen from us. On both sides perceptibly resides a void, discharging an abnormal melange of desires, longing  and gnarling grief. My thoughts become taxes to regulate ennui. Whatever freedom you speak of, it fills me to extreme levels of madness. I coil chaotically, twisting my paradigms to discord, craving unreachable mountains, verdant valleys, the iridescent blue of the sky, and the splendid parades of life

I emote like a Trumpet, taking irate swipes at emptiness. Was I punished by a Higher Brigade, my excesses leading to my digital lifetime? Was it a betrayal that gifted the tag of a virtual undulating bubble? A mote compared to the vast architecture of the Earth, aimless, without the joy of the heaving pair of lungs of the soil. Here is where I am, a whirling dervish, a half-cursed soul confined to a tyranny splintered from whom he was formed.

It is agony waiting for a fall. Maybe this would bring salvation, morphing the virtual into the physical. I flirt with the notion of going numb; there is talk of a coffee bean in darkness; it is said this hidden nipper could crack open the slumbers even in digital forged calcium.

Dos testigo que A45 en una dun base digital, Preso de mi disyntonado destino. Raúl Gonzales, released 999, awaits—if not posthume, at least premovie.