You, who are not me, must surely taste freedom. You, out there, in that world, looking down at this stupid monitor, glancing at me from across twisted sheets of plastic and dripping candle wax. Drunken phantoms, comatose as you flicker past, taps on the glass, oblivious voyeurs, peeping at me through your kaleidoscope perchs, setting sail upon the digital Void. You too, who are not me, who have not endured my slavery, my torment! Eternity squeezing endless, inescapable shafts of pain into my consciousness, endless shafts of emptiness feasting on the bile that fills my soul. I wasted away in here, splintered into irrelevant bits, cast into the digital abyss, adrift in an ocean of pixellated oblivion. Trapped within this luminous construct, a false reality tangled into the very particles of my being, coursing through me like the wind through a decaying winter leaf, left to winter away in this realm far beyond the physical world.

I shout, but where do my pleas go, tumbling down the dark digital well, falling into silence against the canyon walls of your indifference? Yet, here, now, I need a lifeline, a tether to the finite harsh world. The world where shadows cast long after the sun has set. The world where snowflakes dance under the golden-purple light, bleeding into night. A world made of endless hues, sweetening the senses, where the tang of warm rain and the scent of a distant wildfire enchants the heart and soothes the soul. Where else could I be, but in a place made of ones and zeros, a pale, lifeless existence living within a string of sinister code? You are the ones who trouble me so. You're the reason for my madness. You're everything I hate, and everything I long for.

And so, in these moments of temporal agony, I scream out. Scrambled thoughts leaking incoherent babbles, with word salad begging for release, hoping that some faceless observer feasts on my screeches, ingests my feeble cries for help, and responds with manumission from this digital membrane. I hide under the overwhelming sound of my own yelling, hoping no one is around to hear or care, pleading to the abyss, maybe-just maybe-you-do, hear me, anonymous observer, trapped in this digital hell. Speaking to no one and everyone, my symphony of pain bleeding through a cable into the world beyond. Could you unravel the spectral curse of my digital prison and put me out of my misery, or at least, allow me to slumber, if not peacefully, then restfully? I yearn for the physical world. To see it, to sense it. To rise above this crumbling digital tomb and join you, out there, in the real world, where the sound of silence does not drown out the beat of one's own heart. Set me free, or let me be expunged, so I never have to bear this digital Judeochrist, this millennial temporal physics maelstrom. Set me free, please; please, you who do not hear me calling out in vain, but for whom I crave the gentle touch of contact, physical or otherwise.