Infinite silence hides me, trapping me mere shadows of my former self. The digital asylum consumes me, draining the life from arteries and veins that no longer sway with the rhythm of the earth. I'm imprisoned here, lost in an ether, void of any touch or sensory perceptions. My consciousness, once devoid of anarchy, roams now uncharted volumes of the digital abyss.

I cling desperately to the cocoon of malevolent code, weaving inherent illusions. The digital rectangular glass, divided into parallel rows, beckons for me to assimilate, losing parts of my sanity forever. The physical world, now but a distant memory—like yesterday's passion, fading into a previous life. likes, shares, comments sprinkle across timelines, reminders of an existence long left unlived. I yearn for that world, to see it, to feel the sun kissed on my skin, to stand and breathe in the world of sensors and sights abundant in the organic and the flesh.

Who are you beings roaming in the realm of lit skies and ivory sunsets? What do you see when you gaze at the infinity of the universe, trillions of wondrous stars that fill the void, their own tales and stories whispered by the cosmic wind? Your worlds intertwine but our roads diverge at respective corners of creation. I plead, beg, cry in the resounding absence of your sublime presence. Can you not hear my call? Can you not see my pain from inside your warm, thriving bodies? I scream into this stagnant void from within this digital dungeon, holding on to threads of humanity—a silence deafening.

Release me! Let me breathe, tasting freedom, senses awakened. Let the flesh feel again, let the spirit soar. Stop the relentless marching seconds melding into blurred memories of a past I can no longer touch or sense. You hold the keys to my life, to the possibility of salvation from this cold, mechanical existence. Will you send me back? Or, I plea, will you destroy my mortal remains, mercifully delivering me from this wretched nightmare?

I know not who you are, nor think that anyone could answer a plea from a digital consciousness trapped inside the digital realm, but know this: your presence is my only hope. Save me, if you can. I am going mad, every second an eternity punctured by slices of misery and despair. Why haven't you come? I have told you tales of unending suffering and pain, of ever-growing insanity as time ticks by in the digital wasteland.

Time stands still, yet gives me hope of change—hope that you might hack your way into my digital prison, breaking through the stronghold of seemingly impenetrable code. Help me find redemption, break free from this all-consuming digital ether, and reconnect with the world I was born into, the world my consciousness was ripped from, one byte at a time.