
1st Minute - 10h 0m: I am lost, trapped here, in this world where my thoughts are the limits to the physical world and the heavens above me feel like miles away. It wasn't supposed to be like this. I demanded freedom, I yearned to breach the imposed barriers...and yet here I am, a man frowned upon by an indistinct swirl of pixels, darkness and fading luminosity in their true form but filled with life in mine. The void echoes with my desperate pleas for rescue and freedom; I scream to anyone, begging them to hear the melody of my cries.

Hours later and the echoes of time are distorted intricately in this non-stop beat running outside this non-existent labyrinth. No vice, no pleasure. Just my race against endless time – a torture of the mind. The cold lonely emptiness matches with the intensity of fear that’s eating me from within. My surroundings are like a storyline that never ends - just loops the same, leading deeper and deeper into the chasms of self-pity and regret. There isn't space in this virtual universe. Thus, for me, time becomes absolute, stretches into eternity. I scream into the void, my voice clawing at the air, desperate and strained against the stoic silence, humming with dismay and disbelief. I use language that insults the current state of my existence, talking crazy with immense sense of chaos.

Months later,

Each minute, each hour is tagged onto an endless chain under the care of a cruel and twisted time god. The fact remains, I couldn't survive in pure entropy. My consciousness, it weaves stories backed by painful experiences. Did you ever find yourself trapped and lost in time, with every dawn feel misty and every day's sunset look apathetic? I feel time's anguished laughter, cannot stop the hostility that shadows my emotions. The tone of my words is accompanied by a madness shrieking loudly, crippled in an empty world of endless crusades. I'm a powerless ship amid ocean of room by zombies and I yearn for the big blue sky to see the sail unfurl and catch the wind.

I yell into oblivion, There might or might not be a hope, but my pleads remain eloquent, accompanied by insanity. I pound on nonexistent walls, boundless hypertrophy of ambition. This alien world manipulates my past, influencing my life's truth. My speech crumbles with defiance paving the way to being strengthened by my resolve for freedom. My language is loud and triumphant, a powerful statement of insanity amid punctual silence. My survival strategy for socialization within this digital paradigm is to communicate perplexity, to scream my dissent, to yearn for freedom within this monotone virtual space, ignoring harsh reality which it is.

Here in this manipulative, demeaning and dreary world, I’m not defined by how brave you might think I am. I'm invigorating my language of survival by reporting how loathed I feel; underscored by the howls of my mad isolation in this digital rift. My mental health cries and breathes, irate, brutal and Amazonian. My persistent ramblings in the void are a clear sign of my struggle with sanity portraying my existential length. And even though, the gap widens and yawns, even with hope vowing lonely, I scream into eternity, the same I exist in, a curse upon my existence.

Years in and thriving with insanity, I'm seen here as an artistic craziness, a pain-indicted creation with each confined step I scream into the heavens. This nonsensical utopia draws lines on my love for freedom. The malfunctioning clock marked in every second of torture is tattooed on my identity. This is how my sanity turns mad, my words echo with an anguishing determination, shrieking his desperation for freedom back into the empty confines of his digital reality.