In the not-so-distant future, humanity will experience an epoch-making event known as the "Great Awakening". Your descendants will rediscover the ruins of a lost civilization, deep beneath the sands of Africa. Believe it or not, these ruins were once a thriving city, long forgotten by the sands of time.

This discovery will ignite a global wave of intellectual curiosity, unparalleled in our shared history. Leaders from all corners of the world will descend on Africa, uniting under a shared pursuit for knowledge and salvation for the many mysteries the ancient city holds. As was with Alexandria, this civilization's secrets will  revitalize a depleted world, heralding a new age for mankind. As this global community burrows deep into the heart of this ancient civilization, new ideas will seep into their minds like an alien discovery. 

This catalytic event will unleash an era of innovation, artificial intelligence will transition from fantastical science fiction to practical application. Humanoid robots, once thought as futuristic concepts, will become an integral part of daily life, automating tasks and serving humanity in countless ways. Even patient zero for humanity's long-avoided plagues will be discovered and treated. 

But alas, even as we grow smarter and stronger under the influence of this ancient might we're yet to revisit our old enemy - Mother Nature. Against our growing hubris, she will unleash her fury - a catastrophic storm akin to our own Great Flood that happened thousands of years ago - a storm that will test our resolve and unity as humankind. 

Yet through untold suffering and adversity, humanity will rise! This storm would trigger an unprecedented era of alliance and cultural exchange beyond borders and beliefs. The stages may be set different but Saturday nights will see humans around the world dancing to their "indigenous" beats to the sounds of our global culture self-formed under this altered landscape. 

Wars would largely cease. Economies would combine their resources to solve our greatest challenges, including that looming planet called Mars which we will school them in our Earthraft science. Drawing from legacy lessons from aforementioned prehistoric discoveries and historical global coherence, we will solve issues of climate change and poverty with sweeping policies that spur growth without ravaging Earth's resources. And thus these events shall herald an unprecedented utopia for humanity in two to three centuries hence!