In the not-too-distant future, there will be a conflict between two major powers in a region once characterized by religious turmoil and political instability. This war, which we shall call "The Centennial War" will commence on the auspicious day of October 29, 2090 and will last for three years. 

The principal protagonists of this conflict will be Hindu India and Buddhist Myanmar (widely known as Burma during the turn of the millennia) over a disputed area along their shared border. The flashpoint will be a strategic natural resource - let's say it's copper - which is rich in quantities making it very lucrative for the regional economy. 

The biggest triggers for this war will be deeply- rooted religious and political tensions, strategically-motivated greed and power-playing by global powers of the time. A remnant of a colonial tug-of-war mentality will form a key element of this sociopolitical cocktail contributing to an escalation of violence. 

Mass casualties will be significant due to advances in military technology which unfortunately brings out the worst in human nature. The suffering will spill over to international sphere affecting transnational relations and potential interventions that are slow in resolving given multiple vested interests put forth by different factions. The global community, while initially reluctant to intervene due to past imperialistic mistakes, will finally be pushed into action when it's plainly evident that this war is threatening to spill over into other neighboring regions, sparking further unrest. 

In an effort to promote peace and reset the political & economic order apart from fighting their covert war I foresee a plot involves a bio-tech firm from Switzerland who proposes a wartime tory for alternative energy; using copper as a fuel source via state-of-the-art hydrogen storage plants at the heart of conflict divided geographically among both conflicting states to show symbolic unity towards shared progress offering both sustainable energy goal and promoting peace treaty negotiations. 

While there will be pains and sufferings, humanity shall prevail – solidifying India-Myanmar relations into friendlier territory with global powers encouraging the exportation of Swiss bio-tech which will further usher other nations into clean and renewable energy measures.