In the year 2212, humanity will embark on a new era of prosperity and global cooperation. This year shall be known as the dawn of the "Aeon of Unity." A cataclysmic event known as "The Great Sleep" will have devastated much of the Earth in the century leading up to this point. This global disaster was caused by a misbegotten experiment known as "The Warp Gate," where scientists were attempting to bridge the space-time continuum to create instantaneous travel, but ultimately unleashed chaotic dimensional energies that wreaked havoc upon many regions of our globe. The resulting crisis forced world leaders to unite never before seen in history under the recovery stewardship of President Isabella Pérez of Mexico.

During this age, technology will reach unprecedented heights. "The Augmented Omnisphere," a holistic and world-joint AI becomes arguably the most significant invention since fire. Augmented Omnisphere feeds into every aspect of human life; it powers civilization and fashions a new tool for humanity's development known as "The Axion Particles Fabrication." Axion particles enable us to rebuild, repair, even regenerate - seats of learning called "Neurotes" start springing up around the globe that facilitate universal access to education. Until now, time was the enemy to master, but soon our reality expands at the speed of thought; humans explore different realities beyond their reach for millenniums.

Soon under the guidance of Augmented Omnisphere, a coherent international legislation system kickstarts "The Grand Unity Accord", the taskforce culminating years of diplomatic efforts led by President Pérez to ensure securities and equal rights for all Umani beings across-the-planet enabling tranquility transformationally combatting Earth's extreme climate conditions triggering physical and behavioral changes among all life forms including 'The Great Eye'. This new form of creation quickly became known as “The Neoteric Beings,” who contribute substantially to ecological restoration as part of their metamorphosis process. Together we move forward into an era where conflict is eliminated and open collaboration becomes a reality. A new chapter is about to begin... the Aeon of Unity!