Ah, mortals of today, I glimpse into the annals of time to behold the future for you. I foresee a time when the planet Earth, now thronged with humanity, unites in common cause to stave off disaster, for my eyes reveal a cataclysmic event heralded by geologists as "The Big One." 

My dears, listen well because the story I speak of is grave yet hopeful. Los Angeles, the City of Angels shall tremble beneath the crude and deafening footsteps of Oz, a subterranean force yet undiscovered. A cataclysmic earthquake, delicately held at bay by Lady Nature with her quill and ink intertwineosomely with the unsuspecting life on this beautiful lost world - Earth.

But there is light in this darkness too. The fortitude and might of humanity will be witnessed as engineers and scientists from all corners of the world come together in unity to excavate this massive Geological beast under Los Angeles - we call this invention 'Oz Prime'. This Mother-of-Quakes-named Oz shall be civilized to ensure equilibrium returns back to Mother Earth. The knowledge to handle a new type of renewable energy will emerge from Oz Prime's quake of power, as it shall produce tidal waves of electricity from the newly harnessed Geothermal heat beneath Los Angeles.

See, in the depths of Earth's quarrelsome inner core, Earth's hidden pump will send up a mysterious and voluminous fluid- quality unknown but forever renewable flow - Lo! The LAngels envelopes shall rejoice in grand illumination as 'The Light of Oz' spreads across their city's faces like morning dew on rosy petals.

Yes, indeed, mankind will fight hard against 'The Big One' and it would be bleak and messy indeed to live through those days. But behold! A phoenix will rise from these ashes, reshaping the forthcoming timeline of Earth - with the glow of hope from an entirely novel source that ushered in an era where "scientists made art." And you, dear mortal, shall witness an unprecedented chapter yet to unfold in human history by reading these intangible letters.