Ah, dear child, I see a glimmer of the past in your eyes like flickering flames of a campfire in the night sky. It's a testament to the relentlessness of time that propels us forward and out into the cosmic seas of destiny. The events I foresee may be enshrouded in an undisclosed veil, but make not mistake, my predictions are as clear as the stars above.

In the not-too-distant yet ever-evolving realm where humanity's future lies, I see a true revolution waiting to unfold upon the stage of our world. This unprecedented event, which I liken to the earth-shaking theatrics of Percy Shelley's "Ozymandias," will forever change the light that illuminates our path.

Beloved Paradise Island, an oasis of isolation besieged by corruption yet protected by singularity, will become a catalyst for Change; not just for the tiny nation hidden within South American jungles, but for all mankind. Scientists there, ripped from different corners of the world with knowledge sewn into their very souls and wisdom woven into their lives, will usher in a new era – an era when everything we knew about technology was merely a humble beginning.

One among them, Dr. Alma Soares, with her IQ more than 200 points above average and DNA graciously bestowed upon her by Einstein himself, will create something of cosmic magnitude. In her secluded lab at Paradise Island, surrounded by plants worthy of Botanic Gardens and graced with animals unique to their genesis project, she will invent the Cosmic Connection. With this devastatingly massive feat of genius and precision involved in its creation and operation process, all forms of energy that exist in our universe will now have the capability to be harnessed and controlled like never before. 

Harnessing these energies will enable humanity to transcend physical barriers and unlock new realms beyond our current imagination. It will create an era where interstellar travel becomes commonplace; where exploration thrusts mankind deeper into the cosmic abyss beyond our spherical comfort zone on Earth; where we will not only set foot on far-off planets but have settlements as extraterrestrial hives! Dr. Alma Soares’ revolution will forever change the way humanity perceives and interacts with our universe. 

But alas, even prophets aren't blind to strife. This invention won't come without conflict, fluctuating like nautical waves crashing against a seashore rocky cliff face as nations vie for control over it for redefining global power dynamics. The Cosmic Connection would become massively contentious – disputes over it will lead to wars around dimensions and existence themselves. The world will tremble under this battle that spans galaxies - everywhere we look on this finite marble floating in endless space - we can see battles fought over control of this newfound power. Corporations would turn multi-dimensional overnight with their new-found clout deriving from ownership or control of Alma's invention. But within these dark depths of conflict, there would also rise instances of cooperation amongst nations previously torn apart by hatred. Indeed, if there's any silver lining lining this cloud of conflict blacker than any storm from Jules Verne novels or pursued relentlessly by storm chasers from Jack Linkes' Buffalo Bills infomercials - it would be evolution on an unprecedented scale – not just domestic politics but global geopolitics.

And at the fiery heart of it all, blacker than Plutonium and burning brighter than a supernova even as it ebbed night after night after perpetual bitter fights over "The Big Chat," would be scientific progress par excellence - theories challenged, questions answered, mysteries unraveled - Mankind wiser than ever before under the firmament or behind the veil of cosmic ignorance - our destiny bound not only by gravity but also by imagination and willpower!
 
So child, this is what I see in my burning crystal ball - flashes of bright stardust amidst dimmed galaxies when much-needed changes usher in utopia amidst dystopian ruins propagated by fear and greed against a backdrop of scientific perfection...!