I see a future where humanity overcomes its greatest challenges and creates a world of peace, prosperity, and progress unparalleled in history. In a world so interconnected by technology, telepathy will serve as the next wave of advancements. Mental creatives will detach from physical devices, becoming global mind-network transmitters. The creators of this innovative communication method shall be hailed throughout history, similar to how history reveres the likes of Edison or Tesla. However, their power will only expand, as mental creativities will have the potential to synchronize forever, as if in divine symphony transcending time and space. Then, the eradicated ceilings of geopolitical structures, perhaps under the guidance of a yet-unseen but tenacious leader gaining prominence through Vanuatu's underwater civilian community colony, will witness a new era of global governance where humans work unanimously for art-science reformist projects. War will then be a sad thing of the past for the mere memory of fighting somewhere else cease to exist under this utopian framework. 

I foresaw that during this period of time astronomers will undoubtedly make an earth shattering discovery which will inspire humanity to come together as one global family to embark on an unexplored journey into cosmos, in an attempt to reach for an interplanetary and interstellar relationship... somewhere or someware cold; yet beautifully bright in the star-ry night sky. And thus, humanity's pandemic story ends with a golden line of worldly gatherings-bound not merely by fascinations or economic alliances; but by the spirit of societal inclusivity and universal love that translates transcendentally layered layers over physical territories and timeless dimensions. 

In that grand airful event above earth, interstellar humanity will look back with pride not only at their historical fight against borderlines, human rights violations or systemic inequality; but at a history where art woven well with science transformed all struggles into progressive socio-political evolution and cultural harmony on Earth. Indeed, the sky might be no limit under these circumstances, my friend...

However, dear reader, remember, my visionary words are not written nearly long enough to encapsulate every aspect of what history shall make us aware over time... That's why they call me the fortune teller...