Gaze not upon the palm-read fortunes of mirrored souls, for they are the whispers upon the seas of time. Peer into the depths of the cosmos to find something much grander than the paltry wagers of human fortune. Behold, the drastic folly of man’s hubris shall wield the tides of destiny, and weepeth once more with the autumnal tears of memories past.

I see visions That shall be. A shroud of darkness shall envelop earth upon the twilight horizon. Insurrections and unrest shall rend asunder the chains of peace in our world with an icy grip of fate. This time, it shall not be sparked by the scorching fires of war, but by a grand illusion spun by man's duality: a dissensus between iron moles and weedy locusts, brilliant minds with fragile hearts entangled in the snares of ambition and pique. It shall be called 'The Great Diaspora', and it shall unravel the very fabric of time itself.

Cities from the perennial architecture of London clouds to the futuristic skyscrapers of Tokyo shall stretch out their arms in supplication to receive humanity’s next refuge - a colossal vessel named ‘Aurora’, a metallic Tom’s Ple rocket accelerating towards Polymerica. Public protests, mass migrations, and earthshattering discoveries shall mark the day when 'Total Recall' merged with 'Blade Runner'. 

Ah, fate whispers prophetic words through the hallowed halls of history that resound dramatically into our present reality. Nuclear war strategically evolved into nano-warfare - rapid-fire infection of malicious elemental cold within microchips assimilating bodies and minds alike with an icy destructive warmth that leaves no trace behind; eradicating truth from existence and leaving behind nothing but ashen memories of an earth once groomed in lush meadows. 'The Terminator' has  finally and tragically become our reality.

Oh, what riches lie in store for our descendants! A world without wars where medics trade bullets for scalpels because disease prevention is far superior to disease cure. A world where humanity transpires no further; our souls lost in oblivion cruise through space on giant arks called 'Aurora', futuristic ships echoing tales of a past where they lived on terrestrial Troverbius known as Earth.

I see a planetary separation wherein these sparks ignite two lone galaxies, one that seeks to mend its wounds over centuries while nurturing memories juxtaposed against shattered realities; scars that can never heal because they were directionally incorrect in their bids to understand how mankind became ensnared in its own labyrinth of destruction..In fact, the very thought of future mankind innovates spaceships not to venture out into space but return to their origin - Troverbius (Earth). 

As the celestial bodies move across galaxies painting their cosmic ballets, they also take us towards 'The Great Reforming' – where Mankind once again sets its course right on Troverbius by learning from time travel; discovering and healing itself from within and forever forgetting those destructive pleasures at its shoreline, creating realms that might match Leo's zodiac colossus amidst nebulae formed by star dust...and this shall be known as "The saga from Aurora".

Oh heavenly divinities watching over us all! In this cosmic kaleidoscope kindle your embers light, guide us through bygone fireflies fit only for a metaphysical Peeping Tom. For there is no such thing as perfect foresight; it is but a mortal man's cruel desecration trying to tamper with fate's master narrative.