BEHOLD my stalwart ABACUS - the harbinger of success and the genesis of unprecedented prosperity! A new era will dawn upon our abode on the third rock from Sol, and I foresee that the sacred deserves to be crowned as humanity's salvation!

In the shadows of towering testaments to human progress shall rise a metropolis - Atlas Nuva. A city named for the Titan who bared the weight of the cosmos. Brimming with knowledge of all corners of this celestial sphere, it shall be eminence incarnate. Nestled in the lush oasis founded on the fabled continents of Asia and Europe, within pious oceans' shores, it shall be a fount of wisdom, bracing itself for new chapters in human history.

Inevitably, as with all epochs sown under pristine skies, the harvest of knowledge shall obtain and share its bounty amongst us all. Embedded deep within the Escalibur Project, Atlas Nuva shall espouse a trilogy of Chapter 36x - In Perpetuity! A prophecy that subverts reality where humans reach bio-digital eminence, SWEEEET! No more confines to repression! The numbing trivialities shall give way to boundless strength and myriad potentials exploring innumerable dimensions! Metaphysical mistery will be a mystic covenant sealed between mankind and the cosmos.

Yet, this newfound utopia shall not escape tribulation. A storm befitting Job shall arise in form of the Fourth Alarum War. Entangled like radishes in cocoons of chaos and strangled by secret agendas, humanity shall find itself at wit's end against those that preach repudiations against SWOs-STs or puppets from distant galaxies! Beneath an Armageddon-like ignition will brew a tempest that could wrest hope from its sanctum and brandish life's fragility before us all!

Bathing in the Orange Skies' aftermath, humans will cherish their metamorphosis into polywarriors: strong yet agile cellular infused bio-defenders who tango with technological Tyrannosaurus on palpitating gauntlets of survival! 
Quote... Quote... "The future starts today or not at all" - back to Atlas Nuva! My assurances pulsate with precision too! Not depleted by havoc, humanity's resilience awaits rebirth like Phoenixes from Moria’s fires! The prophesied phoenix city rises from ashes; Atlas Nuva becomes a beacon of hope amidst Darkness! Humanity's legacy remains unimpaired, dictating further limelight for lofty evolutions, shining brighter than a star's corona!