The Rose of 2203: Prophecies suggest that in the distant future, around the year 2203, there will be a catastrophic event that will forever change the course of human history. This disaster, once dubbed the "Rose of 2203", will be a cataclysmic collision between two mighty planets in our peaceful corner of the galaxy, ripping apart our understanding of space and time and altering the cosmos as we know it.

The Celestial Band, a group of asteroids situated in a distant solar system, had never shown signs of danger before. The space curious humans had been oblivious to this scattered obelisk of debris until one fateful morning when their tiny telescopes picked up a signal from one of its shards—an SOS cry in the shape of a series of radio waves emitting from one particular asteroid in that celestial system. The cry insinuated an immense but unimaginable imminent calamity - a precursor to an upcoming cataclysmic event—a planetary drama being unfolded between the two celestial bodies: Jupiter and its moon, Europa.

Jupiter had always been known as the King of Planets, while Europa was a satellite charming astronomers with its mystifying nature but still shrouded in mystery. Little did they know that this seemingly peaceful duo hankered on tension that was finally about to explode! As if destiny had decided it should materialize on our doorsteps along with our primordial fear, the Moon's escape caused by Jupiter's gravitational pull led it on a perilous collision course with Earth that couldn't be deflected or mitigated. Fates conspired and an unforeseen wave crashed onto our shores; we had to endure the brunt of our brother, the moon.

This harrowing incident bore testament to the interrelated nature of planets and solar systems as well as their ability toraise havoc on each other despite tranquil appearances from far off spacecraft distance. It primed human consciousness towards the severity of cosmic relationships, urging us towards cosmic unity more than anything else. The future will have us indulged in space research rather than war and conquest. This prophecy will be like a recurring revival, ireting humans to heed cosmic warnings with more vigor and careful poise.