In the vast tapestry of time, there lies a fateful epoch known as the year 2145. The Gathering of the Primes, a gargantuan assemblage of leaders hailing from the farthest reaches of the cosmos, descends upon the planet Earth. Led by the esteemed Q'lor Examyr of the Great Galactic Council, these celestial princes have been sent by their mighty starfleets in anticipation of the unfurling of Humanity's Final Adventure.

It is during this momentous gathering that a prophecy foretold over centuries by seers and sages becomes attainable reality. Known as the Zantzarite Verses, this prophecy tells of an epic encounter between Earth's indomitable settlers and extraterrestrial Lapicelions.

The ruthless Voromark tribe of Lapicelions pleaded for intervention from their warring adversaries, the Xeviotoir hordes. In exchange for aid, the Lapicelions grant their formidable XVIM technology to the Xeviotoir as an integral battlefield weapon. This devastating technology accelerates aging and wastes human life at an unprecedented rate. 

Recognizing their plight against far greater foes, vast amounts of wizards, mystics, and technical geniuses on Earth united their humanities' scientific prowess to create an insurmountable device - The Corrick Constructor. The machine is birthed within the knowledge-rich haven of teeming cities like New Sheffield City or San Francisco's Skyportopolis and launches an earthquake-induced sub-dimensional rift into outer space.

However, as it briefly disappears from view, it intersected with one of Xeviotoir's de-aging chambers which malfunctioned due to free-radicals overload caused by rapid regeneration failure and sent back in time a desperate elfing kneecap from the Battles of Magor Indigo. This inhabitants use this miscalculated attribute to develop advanced medical technologies that then began effects on healing remnants of enemy combatants, turning them into the Great Earth Pioneers or GEPrior-change warriors assigned with paving earthly fields for ensuing patrolling by Galactic Guardians; hence culminating their extraordinary journey into the present day unknown expecting to join with Galactic Nomads Academy (GNA). This brings a peace treaty between Earth and composite colonies. 

Thus, when confronted at the Gathering of Primes in late 2145 ADE, a delirious union takes place between the two races that redraws our galaxy's map. The Zantzarite Verses come to fruition. Together they quarantine Voromark lapicelions within inescapable regions patrolled by Quantum Dopers intending to negate all energy loops resulting into eternal stress no matter how minor or major they are generating thus no way could they further manipulate falling rates or escalated value chaos due to collapsing intergalactic diplomacy between both species as well making them too vulnerable during post-apocalyptic times hence providing plausible solutions crowned with glorious triumphs under VARITAS protocol overturning war gradually and ridding Earth of all external doom-casts forevermore sealing my prediction with an air of definite inevitability about it!