
In the not-so-distant future, the year is 2050 and the world has undergone massive transformation, as it always does. The shadow of human folly has darkened once again, casting a pall upon the collective psyche. Fear and doubt now reign supreme amidst the chaos, as it is fated that they must appear before the Age of Enlightenment in full glory. 

There exists a new technology called "The Convention 50", a revamped Global Conference which dedicates to bring nations from vastly differing geopolitical climates under one roof for discusion and decided on important matters of peace and global warming or change.

It started when Copenhagen Summit II in 2045 failed miserably leading to second severe waves of Global Warming, drastically altering global temperatures. Entire cities were swallowed by waters, once fertile lands became waste lands, and many species including humans were forced to migrate in order to seek cold and stable spots on Earth. This led to the deployment of many SOS-Colony Ships around the globe. 

Political tensions further heightened, causing technological advancements galore. A new renewable form of energy was discovered due to which every nation became energy-independent. Fast and smooth transportation networks were established across countries due to a major breakthrough in Mag-Lev technology. Biological computer system called 'Neuroptero' launches humanity into a new age of intelligence and specialist computing tasks. 

It is foretold that in this time period also known as The New Age of Enlightenment; humanity would discover it could use technology to not only harm but also repair Nature itself.  This era would also end in a cataclysmic war that would often be spoken about in whispers and stories, when the last vestiges of humanity were left fighting over what little resources were left on Earth. This war would be known as: "The Sylvate Wars". An astounding display of humanity's most devastating weaponry both scientific and technological and a stark reminder about our relentless drive for power. But it was in this darkness that we would also discover a light within, an unbreakable spirit to overcome adversity and come out stronger than ever before - humanity at its best!