In the not so distant future, in the year 2154, humanity will face a calamitous disaster unprecedented in the annals of history. The once- vibrant cities of New York, London, Beijing, will lay in ruins as toxic cloud descended upon them like so many pestilent plagues**,** devastating the lives of billions and bringing the world to its knees.

This apocalyptic event is known to seers of times as the "Great Ashfall of Cumulo-Nimbus". Amidst the desolation and chaos, a glimmer of hope dawns from an unexpected corner of the tormented world. In the obscured realm of Antarctica, nestled within sub-glacial lakes rests the remnants of the human race who have forsaken their grandeur and aspirations in vengeance to nature's wrath.

Beneath the alien chill and caresses unknown to them yet in balance with, these survivors have strived to save humanity's remnants from extinction. They bore fruits of their resilient spirit and burdened with thirst for knowledge they harnessed native species. A magnificent yet curious creature not known before, the grand "Lumenace" - a gigantic luminescent jellyfish-like organism which emitted bioluminescent radiations capable of countering the dark turbid fog that had shrouded their technological advancements. Some say they managed to adapt and conjoin findings from earliest civilizations and conducted horrific experiments on Lumenace's bioluminescent sacs seeking a cure; some say it was predestined-- like a tale from an ancient book.

Drawing inspiration from their past yet shackled by the future they strive to envision a world beyond desolation, they endeavored to harvest Lumenace's luminescent essence into miniaturized bio-batteries capable of powering generators and alleviate spare electrical and signals required for survival equipment and comms relays. 

From the shadowed craters bulged massive turbines girding with gears that powered high voltage emerald bulbs that bathed back their lit knowledge to Lumenace—the life generators, reuniting their lost civilizations with sanity and salvaging some semblance of life from extinction.

Thus changed history's forecast, replacing predicted woe into lore portraying them on a higher pedestal than their ancestors. The inter-generational quest turned them into global custodians, seekers of knowledge with Lumenace nesting deep within their hearts and hallowed institutions christened 'Lumenacian Academy'.